# liri-node-app
<<<<<<< HEAD
* In this assignment, you will make LIRI. LIRI is like iPhone's SIRI. However, while SIRI is a Speech Interpretation and Recognition Interface, LIRI is a _Language_ Interpretation and Recognition Interface. LIRI will be a command line node app that takes in parameters and gives you back data.
* This project introduced the use of the npm DotEnv module and the  git.ignore file. The Twitter and Spotify API's had to be figured out and used. The Request npm module was used to connect to the OMDB API.
* Using the command line interface different phrases/commands result in different responses.
1. 'my-tweets' will show last 20 tweets with dated created in terminal window.  This involed connecting to the Twitter API with keys and correct endpoint query.
2. spotify-this-song '<song name here>' This involved the use of the npm package node-sptifiy-api to connect. Also this required the functionality of reading more than one word on the cli. A default was also required which meant understanding how to communicate to the program when a value was not present.
3. movie-this '<movie name here>' Returns information on the movie. This used the request package and also required functionality of reading more that one word and a default option.
4. do-what-it-says` This uses the 'fs' Node package to read a text file with instructions.
* Additional functionality was added using the 'fs' package to log output to a text file.
=======
In this assignment, you will make LIRI. LIRI is like iPhone's SIRI. However, while SIRI is a Speech Interpretation and Recognition Interface, LIRI is a _Language_ Interpretation and Recognition Interface. LIRI will be a command line node app that takes in parameters and gives you back data. Make it so liri.js can take in one of the following commands:      * `my-tweets`      * `spotify-this-song`      * `movie-this`      * `do-what-it-says`  ### What Each Command Should Do  1. `node liri.js my-tweets`     * This will show your last 20 tweets and when they were created at in your terminal/bash window.  2. `node liri.js spotify-this-song '<song name here>'`     * This will show the following information about the song in your terminal/bash window            * Artist(s)            * The song's name            * A preview link of the song from Spotify            * The album that the song is from     * If no song is provided then your program will default to "The Sign" by Ace of Base.   3. `node liri.js movie-this '<movie name here>'`     * This will output the following information to your terminal/bash window:       ```        * Title of the movie.        * Year the movie came out.        * IMDB Rating of the movie.        * Rotten Tomatoes Rating of the movie.        * Country where the movie was produced.        * Language of the movie.        * Plot of the movie.        * Actors in the movie.      ```     * If the user doesn't type a movie in, the program will output data for the movie 'Mr. Nobody.'  4. `node liri.js do-what-it-says`        * Using the `fs` Node package, LIRI will take the text inside of random.txt and then use it to call one of LIRI's commands.            * It should run `spotify-this-song` for "I Want it That Way," as follows the text in `random.txt`.
>>>>>>> 92e4eb1dd186a1e17bf973abaec5c16c0b450300
